DOC-5285: Document the cordapp-cpk2 plugin's symbolicName property. (#582)
corda/corda-gradle-plugins: cordapp-cpk2/README.md

These annotations [control how Bnd will generate OSGi metadata](https://bnd.bndtools.org/chapters/230-manifest-annotations.html)
for the jar. In practice, the plugin already tries to handle the typical cases for creating CorDapps.

## Bundle Symbolic Name
An OSGi bundle should be _uniquely_ identified by the combination of its `Bundle-SymbolicName` and `Bundle-Version`

> manifest attributes. The `cordapp-cpk2` plugin always sets the `Bundle-Version` attribute to the `Jar` task's `archiveVersion`

Author: `Jar` is the _type_ of the task, c.f.
```groovy
tasks.named('jar', Jar) {
   //
}
```

property, and it generates a default `Bundle-SymbolicName` value according to this pattern:
```text
(${project.group}.)?${archiveBaseName}(-${archiveAppendix})?(-${archiveClassifier})?
```

> However, the `Bundle-SymbolicName` can also be set explicitly via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if this default value is unacceptable for any reason, `Bundle-SymbolicName` can also be set explicitly via:
```

```groovy
tasks.named('jar', Jar) {
    osgi {
        symbolicName = '<value>'
    }
}
```

> should this default value be unacceptable for any reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
